##JavaScript##
As this exercise was also, in part, a demonstration of various JavaScript functionality, included here are some additonal coding notes of various JavaScript concepts and where, [in the code](./js/app.js), they were used.


**do-while loop**

`randomChoices:` A function which selects a specified number of unique documents from the collection. A while loop was required as the random number generated by `randomInt` may return a primary key that has already been selected so the loop needs to continue until the specified number of unique ids have been obtained. A `do-while` could be used as the function previously tested for an empty collection so this loop will need to execute at least once.
An example of a `while` loop can be seen in **HTML Element removal** below.

**for loop**

`collectRowData`: This function uses `document.getElementsByTagName` to find all the table header elements in the output table. The function returns a DOM node list which is an array-like object which can be iterated over using a simple `for-loop`. Variables 'i' and 'len' are intialised to zero and the length of the DOM node list respectively. The test, prior to each iteration, is `i < len` with 'i' being incremented by 1 after each loop.

**for-in loop**

`populateInput`: A support function used to fill in the fields of the edit modal window. Note the `for-in` loop uses a newly declared variable to reference each `key` in the data `object`. The value for each key is then found using bracket notation `object[key]`

**conditional operator**

`randomChoices`: This function includes a simple test to check whether the number of documents in the collection is less than the specified number to query. Rather than use an `if-else` block I felt that a `conditional operator` specifed the test criteria in a more readable fashion.

**HTML Element creation**

`getList`: Inside the `oncomplete` callback there is a `for loop` to create DOM option elements. The recommended technique for multiple HTML element insertion is to use a `document fragment` and add the newly created nodes to the fragment rather than keep writing to the DOM each time[1]. Once all the elements have been added to the fragment then there is a single insert into the DOM to append the fragment to the appropriate parent element.

1. Flanagn, D. *JavaScript: The Definitive Guide* (Section 15.6.4), 2011, O'Reilly

**HTML Element removal and insertion**

`updateElement`: This function first removes all the current nodes from the parent element using a `while loop` and then tests for the existance of at least a single child node using `firstElementChild`. If the test returns `true` then the child element is removed with `removeChild`.
- Once the parent element is empty then the supplied `documentFragment` is attached using `appendChild`

**String manipulation**

`getInput`: The `tags` field for each document is a list of comma seperated words. This single string is then converted to an array of single word tags. First the entire string is converted to lower case using `String.toLowerCase`. Next ALL spaces are removed using `String.replace` with a simple `regular expression` pattern but with the global attribute `g` set. The string is finally converted into an array using `String.split` with a comma as the delimiter.