##Weblinks
**Weblinks** is a simple browser based application that utilises ```indexedDB```; the no-sql document store that modern browsers utilise for client-side data storage.

I am indebted to Raymond Camden for his Tuts+ series [Working With IndexedDB](http://code.tutsplus.com/tutorials/working-with-indexeddb--net-34673) which provided a clear insight into the workings of this technology. Readers of the series will also notice a few coding similarities.

Weblinks grew from an unwieldly web-page containing links to sites and articles that I found to be of interest.

The Weblinks indexedDB database is a simple store of json documents in the form:

```javascript
{
    id       : primary-key,
    title    : article title,
    url      : hyperlink to the web-page,
    author   : author or web magazine,
    tags     : comma seperated list of meta tags,
    comments : additional notes and comments
}
```
The ```id``` is the ```primary key```; a unique number which is automatically generated by the database.

There are indexes on the ```author``` and ```tags``` keys allowing the user to search on either of these. Two dropdown lists in the browser window contain values for all the currently available options. There are also two additional modal pop-up windows. One for new input or editing existing documents and the second as an alert/confirmation dialog box prior to the deletion of any document.

The directory structure for the application:


         /- bootstrap-/-css---/-bootstrap-theme.css
                              /-bootstrap-theme.css.map
                              /-bootstrap-theme.min.css
                              /-bootstrap.css
                              /-bootstrap.css.map
                              /-bootstrap.min.css
                      /-fonts-/-glyphicons-halflings-regular.eot
                              /-glyphicons-halflings-regular.svg
                              /-glyphicons-halflings-regular.ttf
                              /-glyphicons-halflings-regular.woff
                      /-js----/-bootstrap.js
                              /-bootstrap.min.js
                              /-jquery-2.0.2.js
         /-css--------/-weblinks.css
         /-js---------/-app.js

         codingNotes.md
         index.html
         indexedDB.md
         js.md
         README.md
         ToDo.md

The application display is a single web-page. It contains a title bar at the top which shows the total number of documents in the database. To the left there is a side bar with two drop-down menus for selecting documents based on a single tag or author. The side bar also contains two buttons. One for selecting and displaying all the documents in the database and the other for adding a new document. Selecting 'add' displays a modal dialog form where details relating to the article can be input and saved.

All views of documents are displayed in a table that forms the main part of the page. Each row in the table contains details of an article. It's title, which is also a hyperlink to open the article in a new window or tab, the author plus any associated meta tags and comments. To the right of each row are two buttons to edit or delete that article. The edit buttons opens the same modal dialog as the 'add' button but also populates each field with details relating to that article. The 'delete' buttons opens a seperate modal dialog requesting confirmation to delete that article from the database.

The intial view for the page displays a table with a number of articles (default is 5) selected at random from the entire database. This provides a 'refresher' for articles the user may have been forgotten about. Subsequent table views display articles corresponding to those selected via the two drop-down menus in the side bar. At present, the default view following an edit or a deletion is to display all the documents in the collection: this is the same as if the 'get all' button had been chosen.

Details of functions for the [app.js](./js/app.js) file can be found in [codingNotes.md](./codingNotes.md)

A basic pimer on indexedDB is included in the file [indexedDB.md](./indexedDB.md)




